in the beginning he knew we would need a
partner to work to play to teach and to
love so God made a horse
he knew we needed to pull our cannons
carry our troops protect our freedoms
so God made a horse you knew we needed
to hunt Cara burdens defeat her family
and to mend fences
Oh God made a horse
he knew we needed our fields plow our
hay deliver our cattle branded goods
distributed he knew we needed to get to
work get to the store deliver the mail
and share the word so God made a horse
he knew we needed to get out of the city
spend time with our friends grow up with
our family connect with our kids we
needed to sweat to learn the value of
work honesty and integrity
we needed help through our difficulties
lift in our challenges support with our
disabilities and to share our joy so God
made a horse he knew we all need a
friend a companion a partner and the
soulmate to get away from it all
experience life live laugh cry and love
so God made a horse